Fix a bug in MitreAttackV2 (#24576)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttackv2/ReleaseNotes/1_1_10.md

#### Integrations
##### MITRE ATT&CK
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/taxii2:1.0.0.48199*.

> - Fixed an issue where the **fetch-indicators** command fails parsing publication description dates correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-indicators*** command parses publication description dates incorrectly.
```
